hello everyone is steven and today
I present you a new cydia tweak
which is called experience and who will
totally change your way
to use multitasking on your ipad
there the settings are in full screen but
if I slide with 4 fingers down
like this you see it darkens
and by pressing here I have the opportunity
to minimize the window I can then
maintain the bar from the top of
the application right there and move it where
I really want as if it was a
window on a computer and pressing
on the little cross on the top left
I leave the application so here we go
how does it work and if I support
now a little touch this button
you see that it shows me
all my apps with my background
blur like mac's dashboard
bones whose tweak is obviously very
inspired and obviously from
from here you can launch your
applications
there I can slide again with 4
fingers to the lease pressed the button
to minimize the window of my
application and then to move where
I want on my screen I can pass
in full screen displays is totally
the application in full screen by pressing
a new on the button here so he
serves both to grow and to decrease
the application so you see I know
really good you see it's great
fluid and I guess it's still
more about last generation ipads
where it's really excellent and the interest
of course it is to launch
several applications from both the
always minimize with this button here and
use them at the same time on the same
screen so you see there I can by
example read my video walk me on
twitter without the reading stops
so it's really very practical here
applications are displayed in mode
landscape but if I keep leaning on the corner
right hop it automatically switches to
portrait mode and even better if I
take the application that I throw it
against the right edge look
the application automatically fills
space as the functionality we
had under windows 7
So here you are and it's filled with
full of little details all very well
embedded in the tweak and I repeat it
it's super fluid
in any case the multi windowing on a
big ipad screen it's really
excellent and I do it on an ipad
mini but I think on the screen of
ipad r it must be even better the
mid day two at the same time I think
that I can still climb up to 3 or 4
no problem for the display to remain
ok on my ipad
in any case it's much better than this
that we usually have with only one
full screen applications
then another feature a double
tap the home button shows you
this screen
there you see your office and you
can easily be added in
pressing here you want that I can
add two three offices and as much as
I want it
and then look at this I can take
the application lay it on the desk on
which I want them to appear
so it's really very well done
can also switch between offices
with really slipping gestures
like the misssion control of mac os
so we hardly feel like
to be on an ipad but really on
a mac it's really super well integrated
watch I'm showing here with
the clock app I minimize
the application I post the motion
control by pressing twice on the
home button and then I take the
window of the game application the church where
I want I can do the same thing
with the settings you can also
organize your different offices
simply by sliding them like that with
your finger you place them in order
who always pleases you with gestures
of landslides you can go from one
office to another like that by displaying
the mission control will drag you to the
right or left and once that
you are on a desk you slip
down to view content
all the apps you can
very easily leave also finally
little feature that I find
nice we saw earlier that we
could easily switch from mode
portrait in landscape mode but look
we can also adjust the size of
windows apps you 'll have
minimize and it works as well in
portrait mode in landscape mode
look you can adjust the size
so that's how it all works
tweak is just excellent really
perfect it's called bones experience like
it costs $ 10 on the cydia store
so it's true it's a tweak
relatively expensive but it's worth it
trouble
it's really a whole that will you
have seen it radically changed your
how to use multitasking on
your ipad by bringing in
really innovative features
it's simply unheard of on
a jailbroken ipad seals so is
tell me what you thought about it in
the comments and I tell you to
very soon for a next video
Hi